Verify signatures from a list of public keys (#1950)
containers/skopeo: docs/skopeo-standalone-verify.1.md

Print usage statement

**--public-key-file** _public key file_

> Trust store of public keys to use when verifying signatures. If this is not specified, keys from gpg home are used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The trust store of public keys to use when verifying signatures. If this is not specified, keys from the GPG homedir are used.
```
